Basically, we stumbled on it
by accident.
O'BRIEN:
our entire fleet was disabled
At Chin'toka,
their energy-dampening weapon.
when the Breen engaged
311 ships-- Federation, Romulan
and Klingon-- all lost power.
But one didn't--
a bird-of-prey
called the Ki'tang.
Why?
What was different
about the Ki'tang?
O'BRIEN:
We're not really sure.
The only thing
we can figure is
that just prior
to the engagement
their Chief Engineer
adjusted the tritium
intermix to compensate
for a containment problem
in the warp core.
I've ordered every ship
in the Klingon fleet
to adjust its reactor
the same way.
Our vessels are of
a different design.
Can this technique
be adapted
to protect
them as well?
Unfortunately, no.
Your ships are
still vulnerable,
and so are ours.
O'BRIEN:
I've sent
everything we know
about the Breen weapon
to the Romulan Ministry
of Science and to
Starfleet Engineering
but realistically, it's
going to take awhile
before they can
figure out a way
to protect our ships.
Thank you,
Mr. O'Brien.
Well, gentlemen, it seems
as if the Klingon fleet
is the only thing that stands
between us and the Dominion.
What have
we come to?
By tomorrow, we'll have
1,500 Klingon vessels
MARTOK:
ready for deployment.
With the Breen,
the Cardassians
and the Jem'Hadar
you're still
outnumbered
20 to one.
I am aware of that, General.
Obviously, the Klingons can't go
head-to-head with the Dominion
to keep them distracted.
but they may be able
in small battle groups
We'll operate
going in under cloak,
engaging the enemy
and trying to provoke them
into pursuit.
SISKO:
With any luck
they'll be able to keep
the Dominion off-balance
from launching an offensive.
and prevent them
For how long?
They can't keep them
at bay forever.
No, they can't
we're not the only ones
but, fortunately,
to contend with right now.
the Dominion has
Damar's resistance
movement.
What's left of them.
Half his troops
were killed
in the assault
on Rondac.
They may have failed
to capture Rondac
but their attack sent a message
to the Cardassian people.
If the rebels can show them
that they have a chance
of succeeding
their support will grow.
have a chance of succeeding?
Does the rebellion
to adjust their tactics--
Yes, but they have
hit-and-run attacks, sabotaging
concentrate on small-scale,
key facilities.
Damar's a by-the-book soldier.
waging this kind of campaign?
Does he have any experience
No, he doesn't....
to send him someone who does.
which is why we have
to go behind enemy lines
You want me
and teach a bunch of Cardassians
how to be resistance fighters?
I'm aware of the irony,
but the tactics you used
to drive the Cardassians
off Bajor
what the situation
are exactly
calls for.
To work with Damar...
he murdered an innocent girl
When he killed Ziyal,
a part of my family.
that I considered
your personal feelings aside.
You're going to have to put
Now, whether you
like Damar or not
is irrelevant.
We need him.
they have to stop his rebellion
The Dominion knows
before it spreads,
and it's up to you
to see that
they don't.
It's as simple
as that.
Yes, sir.
and his men went into hiding
I understand that Damar
after the attack on Rondac.
Any idea how to locate them?
to Mr. Garak about that.
I suggest you talk
Garak?
He still
has contacts
on Cardassia.
If I were you, I would ask him
to join your team.
He might be useful.
Damar and Garak...
an interesting mission.
should be
It's very difficult
to keep a supply
of synthetic organs on hand
in a battlefield situation.
You never know how many livers
you're going to need.
Or, uh... how
many hearts.
I can imagine
but, uh, what does that
have to do with me?
Well, the holy grail
of organ replacement
is to be able to find a way
to inject the patient with
undifferentiated tissue
so that it can become
whatever organ is needed.
The only
problem is...
Doctor, get to the point.
I need to borrow...
a cup... of goo.
Excuse me?
Please?
I'll give it back.
You see, I
need to study
your morphogenic
matrix
so that I can synthesize
organic tissue
that can change form
the way your
cells do.
To use for organ replacement.
Exactly.
Well, can't you just...
oh... scan me, or something?
I need a sample.
It's for
a good cause.
( sighs )
All right, Doctor.
Just a tad more.
Thank you.
I am going
to want that back
as soon as Kira and I
return from our mission.
Oh. You're going with her?
She thought
I might be useful.
When do you leave?
As soon as Garak
can locate Damar.
I am very concerned.
WINN:
It's not like Solbor
to disappear this way.
Please do whatever
it takes to find him.
Yes, Eminence.
Well done.
I almost
believed you myself.
How like a Cardassian
to find amusement
in an old man's death.
You don't know how much I
regret having to kill him.
He was going
to expose us.
No one can be allowed
to stand in our way.
Remember your
place, Dukat.
I thought my place
was in your bed.
That was before
I knew who you were.
Adami...
I'm not the same man
I was during the occupation.
The Pah-wraiths
have changed me.
But they can't change
what you did.
Do you really
think I could
let myself be touched by a man
with the blood of my people?
whose hands are stained
When we do release
the Pah-wraiths
from the fire caves
your hands will be stained
as well.
The Pah-wraiths
will spare those
whom they find worthy.
The rest are of no consequence.
You've been
studying that for days.
Perhaps I could help.
The text of the Kosst Amojan
is for my eyes alone.
Well, have you learned
what we have to do
to release the Pah-wraiths?
it's not a simple matter.
Only that
Leave me.
of your distractions.
I've had enough
When is Gowron's ship
ROSS:
due to arrive?
In the morning.
Martok seems a little nervous
about the ceremony.
Chancellor Gowron
is traveling
all the way from Kronos
to induct him into
the Order of Kahless.
I'd be nervous, too.
( door chimes )
Come in.
Good news.
Garak was able
to contact Damar.
with his location
He's provided us
and has requested assistance
as soon as possible.
So, with your permission,
I'd like to depart
first thing
tomorrow.
By all means.
Uh... there is
one other thing.
Yes, Mr. Garak?
Damar expressed concern
when I told him
that Colonel Kira would
be leading this mission.
Well, if he wants
to defeat the Dominion
he's going to have to put
his personal feelings aside.
He's certainly willing
to do that.
He knows the value
of your skills.
Damar is concerned
that his men
will see your uniform
as an affront.
We Cardassians
are a proud people.
Losing Bajor
to a ragtag band
of terrorists--
no offense--
was a humiliation.
taking on a Bajoran officer
Simply put,
as an advisor would
undermine his authority.
Sorry, Colonel.
We'll have to find
someone else
to head up
the mission.
No... sir.
Colonel Kira is
the best person for the job.
There's another way
around this problem.
I don't know.
Do you really think
it'll make
a difference
to the Cardassians
that you've been given
a Starfleet commission?
You're still
a Bajoran.
A Bajoran with the authority
to speak on behalf
of the Federation.
You realize you're going
to have to do something
about your uniform as well.
you were going to say that.
I was afraid
Well?
It's a little drab.
This is how I appeared
for the Cardassians.
when I worked
Ah, well, it should
put them at ease, anyway.
I wonder
if Dr. Bashir could help us
with that nose of yours?
I'm only willing
to go so far.
Damar's men are just going
to have to get used
to the idea of
having me around.
Oh, they'll tolerate you
to a point.
If I were you,
I'd watch my back.
I'll see you
in the morning.
You see the problem.
Our food supplies
are running low.
We'll have to cut
back on rations
until we can get ahold
of some food replicators.
When I spoke to Garak,
I told him to bring some.
Federation food
replicators?
We are in no position
to turn down help
no matter where it comes from.
Taking help from the
Federation is bad enough
but having to take it from
that Bajoran terrorist...
Kira Nerys has certain skills
she's willing to teach us--
skills we need if we're going
to defeat the Dominion.
what I'm hearing.
I can't believe
When we were stationed
on Terok Nor
you used to spend hours
how much you despised her.
telling me
I did hate her.
That's a luxury I can no longer
afford and neither can you.
I need your support in this,
my friend.
General.
Mr. Worf.
Welcome to Deep
Space 9, Chancellor.
It's been too long, Captain.
You know Admiral Ross.
We met at Khitomer.
Admiral, of course.
Martok...
the man I came to honor.
The son of Mogh...
Chancellor.
They say you've made him
part of your House.
That's true.
Then what is past is past.
If Martok considers you
his brother, that's all
I need to know.
Come-- I brought a barrel
of the finest bloodwine
and it must
be drunk tonight!
( laughs )
MARTOK:
The vintage--
2309, I hope.
( Gowron laughing )
I guess we're
not invited.
tracked her down to Quark's
Anyway, I finally
and I asked her flat out
"Ezri, why are
you avoiding me?"
She was just about to answer
when I got called away.
I haven't noticed her
avoiding you.
you're not imagining things?
You sure
Our paths haven't crossed
in days.
Well, it's
a big station.
The truth is, you want
to spend time with her
that she's never around.
so it seems
There's something going on
what it is when she gets here.
and I'm going to find out
I told her I'd like to discuss
of her last medical exam.
the results
Isn't that unethical
or something?
Well...
Is that Odo?
Part of him, anyway.
Oh, never mind.
I don't want to know.
Computer
begin a morphogenic
enzyme analysis.
Hi.
Ezri.
Um, you wanted to see me?
Yes. Come on in.
Well, um, it was good
running into you.
I haven't seen
you in days.
So... ( clears throat )
about my test results?
You said something
Of course.
Here it is.
You know, uh...
we never finished
our conversation
the other day.
Our conversation?
Yes, at Quark's.
why, uh, you were avoiding me.
You were telling me, uh,
is as good a time as any.
Well, I guess now
Well, it goes back
to when Worf and I
were held prisoner by the Breen.
We spent a lot of time together.
Naturally.
And you
can imagine
all sorts of old feelings.
that it would bring up
Sure.
And, well, one thing led
to another and...
Ezri, you don't have
to say anymore.
But I want to.
No, really.
Um, I wish you both
all the happiness
in the world.
Who?
You and Worf.
( computer beeping )
No, Julian,
that's not...
Ezri, there's no need
to explain.
No, you don't
understand.
What I'm trying
to tell you is that...
I'm in love...
Oh, my God.
What?
Julian, what's wrong?
on the sample you left me
I was running a scan
something... unusual.
when I noticed
Unusual in what way?
that's killing your people...
The disease
you're infected.
My guess is you became infected
with the female shape-shifter.
when you linked
Are you sure
about this?
He doesn't have
any symptoms.
So far, but from what I can tell
the virus is replicating quickly
and it may not be long before
symptoms start to surface.
Well, we have to get you
back to the station.
No. We have a mission
to accomplish.
I intend to see it through.
Odo...
It's all right.
BASHIR:
there's not much I can do
At this point,
that's going to change.
but I feel confident
What do you mean?
I'm running a series of tests
that you left me
on the sample
and I've asked Starfleet Medical
to send the results
from the tests they ran on you
a few years ago.
By comparing the results
I might be able to figure out
how this virus works
and that may well lead
to a cure.
Thank you, Julian.
( sighs )
We should be crossing
into Dominion space
in just a few minutes.
I'd better scan
for enemy patrols.
What have you been keeping
from me, my sweet?
What dark secrets?
( piercing scream )
( groaning )
Dukat!
Adami... help me.
You fool!
I can't see.
I warned you--
the text of the Kosst Amojan
is for my eyes alone.
our brother Martok
Today, we honor
Kahless taught us.
in the manner...
I accept this honor
of the House of Martok
in the name
to continue to serve the Empire.
and ask only to be allowed
KLINGON:
Martok!
We're next.
Martok! Martok! Martok!
KLINGONS ( chanting ):
You're kidding.
I wish I were.
( Klingons cheering )
Martok! Martok!
You have done well.
Thank you for the help,
my friend.
( friendly growl )
It still stings.
That's what the
bloodwine is for.
Congratulations,
General.
Martok...
how does it feel to be
the most famous warrior
in the Empire?
I am grateful for the
opportunity to serve.
And you've served well
the burden of this war
but you've borne
for a long time.
I do it gladly
and I'll keep on fighting
until the victory is ours.
No, my friend.
to carry this weight forever.
I can't ask you
a more active role in this war.
It's time for me to take
As of today,
I'm assuming
direct command of our forces.
I don't understand.
Chancellor, I...
Are you unsatisfied with the way
I have performed my duties?
Would I have given you
the Star of Kahless
if I was not satisfied?
You should be happy
you're a warrior again.
no more reports to file.
No more meetings,
You'll be out there
savoring the heat
of battle.
I envy you.
I intend to see an end
to this war, and soon.
The Dominion will rue
the day they heard my name!
No, I don't want to talk
to Lieutenant Douglas.
I've already talked
of these test results.
I need a copy
My patient's life
is at stake.
I wish I could help
you requested are classified.
but as I said, the files
Why would Odo's medical records
be classified?
That's all I know.
They are.
to your supervising officer.
I want to talk
You did-- Lieutenant Douglas.
Then I want to talk to her
supervising officer, Ensign.
I'll patch you through
but he's going to tell you
the same thing.
Commander Hilliard here.
Ah, Commander.
I was hoping you could, uh,
sort out this
situation for me.
I realize that the files
I requested are classified
I was hoping you would be able
but given the circumstances,
to understand the need
for some expediency.
Of course.
You wouldn't mind answering
a few questions?
Um... of course not,
if it's necessary.
Now, you've requested Security
Chief Odo's medical records
from Stardate...
49419, sir.
And you state
that he has contracted
the morphogenic virus
that's infected the Founders.
Correct.
How did he contract it?
Presumably when he linked
with one of them, sir.
You're saying that he's been
in contact with the enemy?
Yes, but not recently.
It happened over a year ago.
Now, I assume that you've done
your own scans of Odo
over the years.
Of course.
Then why do you need ours?
To use as a point of comparison
in hopes of finding a cure, sir.
A cure?
That's right.
Is there anything else, sir?
No. No, that pretty much
covers it.
when can I expect to receive
Good. So, um,
a copy of these files?
those files are classified.
I'm afraid
you just asked me
But... I thought
all these questions in order
to clear me
to receive them.
No, no, you misunderstood.
I can't release those files
to anyone that doesn't have
Sigma Nine Clearance.
Listen, I don't give a damn
about Sigma Nine Clearance!
is finding a cure
All I care about
for this disease!
why you're so determined
I fail to see
that infects our enemy.
to cure a disease
We're at war, Doctor.
The Founders have nothing
to do with it.
Odo's life is at stake!
Odo, who by your own admission
has been known to consort
with the enemy.
Sir, you have to understand
the circumstances.
about the circumstances.
I don't care
If you find a cure
it'll fall into Dominion hands.
there's a good chance
Medical is not willing to take.
That's a risk that Starfleet
Request for the files is denied.
I would drop this matter.
Now, if I were you,
Otherwise, I'll have to refer it
to Starfleet Security.
( sighs )
Sounds like a typical bureaucrat
flexing his muscles.
No, it was more than that.
He practically accused me
of being a traitor.
in league with the Dominion
Made it sound like I was
just because I
wanted to help Odo.
Maybe the attack on Starfleet
Headquarters has him spooked.
You know, guys like Hilliard
their desks, not under them.
are used to sitting behind
If only I could get ahold
of that file.
Maybe the Captain
can request it.
Well, does he have Sigma Nine
Clearance, whatever that is?
we better hope so.
For Odo's sake,
Welcome to the headquarters
of the Cardassian
Liberation Front.
It's been a long time.
Yes, it has.
Did you bring the
supplies we requested?
Food replicators
weapons...
everything you've asked for.
I think you'll find
Excellent.
The Cardassian people
the Federation's generosity.
won't forget
GARAK:
How nice.
And now that the formalities
are over with
let's try to remember
that our enemy
is the Dominion
and not each other.
I don't need to be reminded
who my enemies are.
A resistance organization
is structured into cells--
autonomous groups
of ten or 20 people.
That way, if anyone
gets captured
their ability to compromise
the entire organization
is limited.
They can't be forced to name
names that they don't know.
worked the same way.
The Obsidian Order
KIRA:
We have to
decentralize
your operation.
in one place is just too risky.
Having all your men
If we scatter our resources
to defend ourselves
we won't be able
against a
Dominion assault.
KIRA:
And if you stay
in one place
they can wipe out
your entire resistance movement
in one attack.
Smaller groups are safer.
They're harder to track down.
I'll have my men investigate
possible locations
for other bases.
Good.
Now, Odo and Garak
your intelligence reports
have been looking over
and they came up with a list
of vulnerable facilities
for us to target.
The weapons depot
on Adarak Prime
is protected by only a single
garrison and there's
a weakness in their
perimeter defenses.
A small group could infiltrate
the compound and disable...
CARDASSIAN:
Adarak Prime
is defended
by a Cardassian garrison.
That's correct.
You expect us to attack
our own people?
If necessary, yes.
That's out of the question.
I agree.
We'll limit ourselves
to targets defended
by the Jem'Hadar
and the Breen.
I understand how you feel.
Well, believe me,
During the occupation
I didn't want to attack
any facility
that had a Bajoran
working in it, but I did it
because they
were collaborators.
They were working
with the enemy.
We're not Bajorans.
We don't kill our own.
Well, then, you might as well
just give up right now
because the minute
that the Dominion realizes
that you will not attack
your own people
they will station
a Cardassian
at every base they have.
She's right.
The Founders won't hesitate
to play your own people
against you.
Anyone who is not
fighting with you
is fighting against you.
You were saying
the Adarak perimeter
defenses are vulnerable.
Damar!
Not another word, Rusot.
Continue.
We would need to disable
security protocols.
the garrison's
that's where I step in.
I believe
I'd love to have seen
Hilliard's face
BASHIR:
when he realized
Captain Sisko
had Sigma Nine Clearance.
So... is the file worth
all the trouble
you had to go through?
There's more data here
than I expected.
certainly were thorough.
Starfleet Medical
Oh, by the way...
what happened with you and Ezri?
Don't ask.
Go on.
she got involved with Worf.
Actually,
What?
She told you that?
Well, not in so many words.
Julian...
I had a drink with Worf
the other day.
He told me that he and Ezri
were just friends.
You must have
misunderstood her.
I suppose it's possible.
I mean, she didn't exactly
come out and say it.
Well, did you
at least
find out why she's
been avoiding you?
No.
( console beeping )
That's odd.
What?
The dispersal pattern
in this resonance scan...
I've seen it before.
O'BRIEN:
What do you mean?
When I first came
to the station
I had to familiarize myself
with Odo's physiology.
Dr. Mora was kind enough
to share his data with me.
This looks like the scan
he did when he first found Odo.
Are you sure?
There's a lot
of numbers there.
I saw it with my own eyes
not seven years ago.
Huh. You really are
genetically enhanced,
aren't you?
According to the date
this scan was done when Odo
was at Starfleet Medical.
Two different scans
can't have
exactly the same
dispersal patterns?
It's impossible.
Someone took Dr. Mora's
results and built up
a phony medical
workup around them.
This isn't Odo's file.
They sent a fake.
Oh, I can't believe
Starfleet Medical
would actually
make up a fake file
just to throw you off.
You're right.
Starfleet Medical would do.
It isn't something
what I'm thinking?
Are you thinking
Section 31.
An organization that's prepared
to "protect" the Federation
to do whatever it takes
at doing something like this.
wouldn't even blink
They don't want me
to find a cure.
They're afraid the Founders
will get hold of it.
from happening...
And to keep that
they're willing to let Odo die.
then he takes over my command.
First he gives me a medal,
MARTOK:
It makes no sense.
WORF:
Our people have
come to see you
as a savior of the Empire.
That is something
Gowron cannot tolerate.
He wants to be its savior.
What's he afraid of?
to challenge his position?
That I'm going
I have no interest in politics.
I'm a soldier.
By the hand of Kahless...
I've earned
my position.
I've risen through the ranks,
fought countless battles
and what has he done?
Schemed and plotted
his way to power.
His military experience
is limited.
half the tactician you are.
He is not
Many brave warriors have given
their lives in this war.
( sighs deeply )
Whatever Gowron's motives are,
it is our duty to help him
defeat the Dominion.
to our fallen comrades.
We owe it
to be part of your House.
I am honored
Hmm...
Well...
I had better gather my things.
This office belongs
to Gowron now.
How's the food?
Replicated.
Are you going
to ask him or not?
I wouldn't
recommend it.
It's a legitimate
question, Garak.
GARAK:
Maybe I just don't think
it's a proper subject
for discussion
not if we're all supposed
to be getting along.
Well, if you won't
ask him, I will.
Odo.
When you were the Head
of Security on Terok Nor
what did you think
was going to happen
to the Bajoran
prisoners you arrested?
You don't have
to answer that.
Why not?
It's a legitimate question.
Only if you want to
provoke an argument.
Just as I said.
ODO:
I expected
that my prisoners would
be dealt with justly...
but I soon came to realize
that Cardassians have
little interest in justice.
Ah.
Well, then, why didn't
you resign in protest?
What are you
getting at?
Nerys, don't.
I believe you've
struck a nerve.
doesn't like to be reminded
Apparently, Commander Kira
that her lover collaborated
with her enemies.
Odo wasn't a collaborator.
I suppose that depends
on your definition
of collaborator.
Nerys...
it isn't worth it.
Odo's right,
Commander.
a difference of opinion.
I guess we have
You don't know
how lucky you are.
Oh? Why is that?
She would have
killed you.
I only wish she had tried.
( clattering loudly )
we're in agreement.
Well, I'm glad
some supplies, be my guest.
If you want to knock over
You did the right thing, Nerys.
The Dominion is our enemy
not Rusot.
to remind me of that!
I don't need you
Oh...
I'm sorry. I'm...
I'm sorry.
It's just, uh...
it's just so hot in here.
Well...
do love the heat.
the Cardassians
I don't.
if I can find a cooling unit.
I'm going to go see
I'll come with you.
It's all right.
I promise I won't
hit anyone.
I'll hold you to that.
Now, you're not going
to believe this.
Believe what?
Damar actually had a cooling
unit waiting for us.
( sighing )
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I was just worried
another run-in with Rusot.
that you might have had
Don't worry.
I'm going to keep a cool head.
I can get this thing to work.
Assuming, of course,
Adami...
are you there?
I'm here.
I spoke with the doctor.
nothing wrong with your eyes.
She says she can find
Then she's incompetent.
would have cured me by now.
A Cardassian doctor
You still don't understand,
do you?
have taken your sight
The Pah-wraiths
in punishment
for your arrogance.
give it back to you.
Only they can
I meant them no disrespect.
I only wanted to study the book
to see if I could help you learn
how to release them.
if you could do it without me.
You wanted to see
Well, you can't.
Pray with me, Adami.
Help me earn
the Pah-wraiths' forgiveness.
I'm afraid you'll have
to do that on your own.
Door.
Deputy Bodan
will show you out.
I don't understand.
"Show me out..."
Well, you need a
lesson in humility.
I'm going to see
that you get it.
By putting me out
on the street?
You'll find the Bajoran people
are very kind.
A blind beggar
will elicit
their sympathies,
I'm certain
and with any luck, you'll earn
enough to eat, and perhaps
even enough for
shelter each night.
You're not...
you're not serious?
You may return
proven yourself worthy
when you've
has been restored.
and your sight
Bodan.
Adami, lis...
Adami...
Adami, listen
to me, please!
Adami!
( door closes )
You see?
( door chimes )
Enter.
( door opens )
Come in, come in.
the strategic situation.
I've been studying
I want to share my
thoughts with you.
Of course.
Come.
The Dominion is deploying
its fleet in preparation
for a final offensive.
They're destroying
our ships one by one.
We must hold the line
until the Federation
become operational again.
and Romulan fleets
No, don't you see?
That's exactly what the enemy
is expecting.
The time to act is now.
What are you proposing,
Chancellor?
We're going on the offensive.
Starting tomorrow,
I'm sending sorties
deep into enemy territory
to strike at the very heart
of the Dominion.
But we are barely
holding the line as it is.
We need every ship we have
to defend the border.
What's wrong with you two?
Don't you understand?
We must seize the day!
We are outnumbered 20 to one.
What of it?
The element of surprise
will be on our side.
Chancellor,
in my opinion...
Did I ask your opinion?
Trust me, my friends.
I can see it all so clearly.
While our allies sit
and do nothing
will score the final triumph
the Klingon Empire
over the Dominion.
We'll be the saviors
of the Alpha Quadrant.
The glory will be ours...
and ours alone.
I don't know, Julian.
is involved with this
If Section 31
maybe we should
tell the Captain.
We've been over this, Miles.
If we tell him, he'll have to
report it to Starfleet Command.
31 will certainly
get wind of it
and once they realize we've
figured out the files are fake
they'll take steps to make
sure we don't find a cure.
Hmm. I see your point.
What steps do you think
they might take?
Believe me, we don't
want to find out.
( door opening )
Excuse me, gentlemen.
Is that coffee?
I figured you were
probably working on
a way to help Odo.
I thought... this is
the least I can do.
How did you know Odo was ill?
I hear things.
Yeah, well, keep it
under your hat, will you?
Why?
Just do it.
All right.
All right, do you
still want the coffee?
Odo would be touched
if he knew you were doing this.
You're not going
to tell him, are you?
It'll be our little secret.
Good luck.
Here you go.
Hang on, hang on.
I'm... just trying to figure out
when Odo became infected.
I analyzed
the sample he left
and mapped out the life
cycle of the virus
calculate just how long it took
and programmed the computer to
for the virus to reach
its present level
of concentration.
Well, that makes sense.
Well, according
to that
over two years ago?
he was infected
More than that.
I just don't understand.
I assumed he became infected
with the female shape-shifter.
when he linked
But if it happened
that long ago
how come he's never shown
any symptoms before?
Good question.
( console beeping )
Got it.
Stardate 49419.
Almost three years ago.
Wait a minute.
49419...
was at Starfleet Medical.
That's the day that Odo
Are you sure?
Yes.
My God, no wonder Hilliard
wouldn't let me see the file.
Section 31 must have created
the virus, infected Odo
and then used him
as a carrier.
So that when he linked
with another changeling
he'd pass it on.
Eventually, the entire
race would be infected.
31 isn't just trying to stop
us from finding a cure.
They're trying to
cover up the fact
that they set out
to commit genocide.
Well, if they gave
Odo this disease
then they must
have a cure.
We have to find a way
to get our hands
on that cure.
Huh... before 31 gets
their hands on us.